Complete: Sort nodes by node number to keep order consitent.
Complete: Change the error and warning border color and width to match the overall score outer border.
Complete: Display the details panels when dissimilar sectors are selected. 
Complete: Clicking on current sector details opens the equivelent stored sector details. Clicking on stored sector details only opens stored. Then if already open current does not overwrite stored.
Complete: Work on sector coloring based on standard not just random.
Complete: Shift click sector details all sectors open.
Complete: Default Top/Bottom to Bottom.
Complete: Show software version somewhere in the results.

When viewing the run results and it is a simulation run the sector outlines are not shown. Maybe show the repeat and not the label?

OCR OCV and blemish are checking the standard and should not.

Work on Hash generation for images to include a seperate hash for the data.

Rework the info button. Add a badge to indicate issue with DPI  or hash, ...

Shrink all images.

Placeholder image is displayed.

If printer is slow open the umage details anyway.

Work on grid view for runs and result views.

Save the compare settings in the job/run entry.

Click on the (I)nfo button and see a timedate stamp of when the current.

Popups need to be flyouts.

V5 color of the bounding box.

Export sector data as CSV. Is not working for Current sectors.

Select the only availbel 95xx in the list.
Always focus newest entry. Setting maybe?
User image roll database managment.

Add parameters for DPM Maxi,postal...

Check tooltips for naming issues.
Review Grading and App standards for consitance and review why IsWrongStandard is not updating on Roll changes.
Change the standard in the 95xx softwarae before processing the imge.
Make top/ bottom selection stored in the image roll, not globally.
Add connect button the menu icon area.
aUTO SELECT DIVERT BUTTON FOR IMAGE WHEN YOU MANUALLY PROCESS AND IMAGE WITH 95XX

seems to be an issue when moving an image down.
Deleted a Curernt 95xx sector gave me an Dialog not registered.

