beta 1:
Setup and run change to monitor and control
Run should be labeld Test Runad
Confirm all labels are setup before starting test run
Keep the current label being tested at the top of the scroll area
Add a value for order on the web. ie. the order they where printed.
Grouping of the labels in the run view.

beta 2:
Group labels by loop or at least indicate a new loop started
Syncronized scrolling.
Decode value in the results view is not showing up.
Test the labels in run mode.

Make a list of labels that are not 4x4.

beta 3:
remove label UID from prompts
Change inspect button to read
Turn off scroll passthrough.
Add loop count to the label run view.
Print loop and label web poisition on the label. Upper Right Corner ( Loop # : # )
when logging in to control and the job is running the template name does not show up.


beta 6
Symbologies Part A crashes during auto detect. - Fixed
Added colorblind support.
Added image view with zoom and pan.
When running a sequential OCR/OCV, when starting a new loop, the system must go to edit and back to run.

beta 7
Clear stored does not null the RepeatImage.
Change "Has Error" in the run logs to 'Dissimilar"
Dissimilar Inspection Results change to Dissimilar Sector Results
Activity indicator for label working stays active if printed to the wrong printer.
Scrollbars do not appear when window is to small on run viewer.
Display all available data in the popup

beta 8
The template name is not cleared when the state goes idle.
Check if the label has a ocv or ocr set to sequential or file and only toggle run if that is the case.
Consider making a run that has only one label the same loop number.


rc 1
Validate the template name "starts" with the standard name.
Remove run and edit when in monitor.
Wrong Standard message did not come up in GS1 table when ISO selected.
Set values for compare results in Test Results viewer.

0.3.0.2002
The image seems to be processed twice in simulation run mode. Gets stuck in a paused state. The file sequence moves ahead.
Having issues getting the read to work in simulation.

Add dissimilar settings to the main window.
There needs to be a rework of the event message processing. A partial packet can cause a crash.
Fix matchmode detection in RunController.
----------------------



Store the database name used for the test run.


Add 300 DPI indicator to the 300 DPI images.



If the run starts then fails before logging anything delete the run entry.


Fault messaging.

Test restoring the sectors to an empty template.

Export images for external use.
Start a run at a particular label and for a certian number of labels.
Blemish tool does not show a problem if the blemish count is not equal.

Print continuous mode.

Expected value for ocv stay persitent after switching to sequential.
Where is the sequential expected value in the results json?


Multiple match to file "files" stored in standards directory. Have a pulldown in the run bar to select the file to use.
In the run ledger store if the run is using sequential or match to file or both.


Why is modulation -1 value?

Have an option to display the golden rpetet image in the test run view.

Able to change unit (mils to mm)



Confirm Job sectors and setting match the current loaded job before a run starts.